{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14460\viewh3480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf0 FOOTBALL Betting Recommendations (Over/Under):\
Predict Total Points Per Game\
Features: Points, Previous Pass Yds, P Rushing Yds, Sacked - Yds, Fumbles - Lost,  Turnovers, TFL, Sacks, QB Hits, FFumbs, Def TDs, Kick/Punt Return Yards and TD. \'85 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Project Idea: \
\
Predicting the score of the Super Bowl based on season statistics. Data retrieved from tables on pro-football-reference.com. Using team scores and data from 2018 season.
\fs40 \
\
Would I split the data into a win/los instead of game, then each team would have a row, then a category column for won/lost and points scored that game and stats. They also can have an opponent column. \
\
So for this project, it would be very straight up Linear Regression, I don\'92t see it as having the same creative potential as the Movie project. But the data may be easier to pull. Plus, perhaps I could gamble with the software at some point. \
\
And I wanted to try and build a graph with D3, which I don\'92t see as applicable to this project. Although, I think I could do some sort of matchup visualization\'85 choose a team \'85 or just make the chart in D3, graph just isn\'92t applicable here.  \
\
Movie Project: \
Predicting box office gross, but the special thing abut this one is the ActorRank, which I\'92m not sure if it would be regression. \
\
What are my Xs?\
[Actors | Actors that have been in $Movies] | Genre | Director$ | Budget | Rating | Distributor | \
\
MVP:\
\
Linear Regression graph that \
PairPlot gives the multivariate analysis. \
\
The more interesting question, is how can we find variables that separate the blockbusters from the clunkers? \'85 Is anything here something that isn\'92t inherently obvious?\
\
\
\
SUBMIT WHAT I HAVE FOR CHALLENGE ONE BEFORE I LEACVE TODAY\
\
\
}